c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.config
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.g.resources
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.baml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.g.cs
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.xml
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Resources\publicKey.der
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_Content.g.cs
